Kotlin 5.0 release (#158)
mongodb/docs-kotlin: source/whats-new.txt

Learn what's new in:

* :ref:`Version 5.0 <version-5.0>`
* :ref:`Version 4.11 <version-4.11>`
* :ref:`Version 4.10 <version-4.10>`

.. _version-5.0:

What's New in 5.0
------------------

> New features of the 4.11 driver release include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New features of the 5.0 driver release include:
```

- The ``KotlinSerializerCodecProvider`` constructor now accepts
  ``serializersModule`` and ``bsonConfiguration`` objects:

>   .. code-block:: cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. code-block:: kotlin
```

     
     KotlinSerializerCodec.create(clazz.kotlin, serializersModule=serializersModule, bsonConfiguration=bsonConfiguration)
  
  This makes it easier to customize your configuration.

> - Fixes a bug that resulted in type erasure during reflection and return.

Reviewer 2: Nit: you can probably remove "and return".
Suggest: Fixes a Kotlin reflection bug that resulted in container type erasure.
